**RCHAIN COOPERATIVE**

**TOKEN SALE TERMS**

PLEASE READ THESE SALE TERMS CAREFULLY. NOTE THAT SECTION 18 CONTAINS A
BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER, WHICH AFFECT YOUR
LEGAL RIGHTS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT PURCHASE RHOC.

Your purchase of RChain tokens (“**RHOC**”) during the private token
sale as defined below, from RChain Cooperative (the “**Company**,” “we,”
or “us”) is subject to these terms of sale (“**Terms**”). Each of you
and Company is a “**Party**” and, together, the “**Parties**.”

By purchasing RHOCs from us during the Sale, you will be bound by these
Terms and any terms incorporated by reference. If you have any questions
regarding these Terms, please contact us at **tokensale@rchain.com**.

You and Company agree as follows:

1.  ***Commencement and Duration of Sale.*** The Company will conduct a
    private sale of RHOCs (the “**Sale**”), which will begin at 8:00 AM
    PDT on August 29^th^, 2017 (the “Launch Date”) and end at 5:00 PM
    PDT on September 28, 2017 (the “Sale End Date”), or when
    $15,000,000 U.S. Dollar (“USD”) worth of RHOC has been sold,
    whichever is earlier.

2.  ***Eligibility.*** In order to be eligible to participate in the
    Sale you must be registered as a member of RChain Cooperative. In
    addition, a prospective purchaser must provide us with contact
    information (your “**User Credentials**”), proof of identity, and
    other information. You must also have an Ethereum wallet that
    supports the ERC-20 token standard in order to receive any RHOCs you
    purchase from us and provide us the address for that wallet (the
    “**RHOC Receipt Address**”). We reserve the right to prescribe
    additional guidance regarding specific wallet requirements. If you
    select bitcoin (“**BTC**”) as your Payment Currency (as defined
    below) you must provide us with a refund address to receive any
    necessary refunds (the “**Refund Address**”). Any refunds will be
    made in the Payment Currency not in USD**. In the event you supply
    an incorrect or incomplete Refund Address or RHOC Receipt Address we
    are not responsible for any delays, losses, costs, non-delivery of
    refunds or of RHOCs, or other issues arising from the failure to
    provide, or providing an inaccurate or incomplete Refund Address or
    RHOC Receipt Address. If you already possess RHOCs prior to the
    Launch Date, you are not eligible to participate in this Sale.**

3.  ***Purchase and Sale of RHOCs.***

    a.  ***Price; Payment Currencies.*** The USD price per RHOC is
        $0.20 (“**Price Per RHOC**”). While the Price Per RHOC is set
        in USD, you may pay for RHOCs in either USD, Ether (“**ETH**”),
        or BTC (each, a “**Payment Currency**”).

    b.  ***Purchase Procedure.*** After logging into the Sale portal via
        a web browser, you will be contacted by RChain Cooperative to
        conduct the purchase. You will need to supply proof of identity,
        and other information, and will be prompted to select an amount
        of RHOC to purchase. We reserve the right, in our sole
        discretion, to modify any of the procedures described herein to
        account for network congestion or other technical challenges.

    c.  ***Purchase Price.*** Your quoted “Purchase Price” in the
        selected Payment Currency is equal to the USD value of the
        purchase amount divided by the Exchange Rate (as defined below).
        The “Exchange Rate” will be the exchange rate between USD and
        your selected Payment Currency as sourced by the Company from
        coinmarketcap.com at the approximate time your purchase request
        is processed. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent the
        Exchange Rate varies from the then-current rate on
        coinmarketcap.com, the Exchange Rate will apply.

    d.  ***Purchase Price Must Be Received in Full Within Six Hours.***
        If we have not received the payment of the full Purchase Price
        in accordance with these Terms within six (6) hours of the time
        that you receive your payment instructions, we reserve the right
        to void your purchase request and refuse to accept your payment
        of the Purchase Price. For the avoidance of doubt, the Purchase
        Price will be deemed to be paid in full once we have received
        three (3) network confirmations of the transaction. We reserve
        the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or extend any of
        the timelines described herein to account for network congestion
        or other technical challenges or delays.

    e.  ***Payment of Purchase Price.*** You must pay the Purchase Price
        by sending the correct quantity of BTC, ETH, or USD (but not a
        combination) to the unique address displayed to you via the Sale
        portal. Your purchase is not guaranteed until we receive the
        full amount of the Purchase Price.

    f.  ***One Purchase Per Purchaser.*** You will only be allowed to
        make one purchase during the Sale. You agree not to allow anyone
        to use your RChain Account or share your User Credentials with
        any other person for the purpose of facilitating their
        unauthorized access to the Sale. If you do share your User
        Credentials with anyone we will consider their activities to
        have been authorized by you. You alone are responsible for any
        acts or omissions that occur during the Sale through the use of
        your User Credentials. We reserve the right to suspend or block
        your access to the Sale upon suspicion of any unauthorized
        access or use, or any attempt thereof, by anyone associated with
        your User Credentials.\]

    g.  ***Delivery of RHOCs.*** Company will deliver the quantity of
        RHOCs you purchase within five (5) days from the date
        Company (i) receives your payment, (ii) receives your complete
        and accurate RHOC Receipt Address, (iii) approves your
        Accredited Purchaser status, and (iv) your confirms your
        identity.

4.  ***Purpose and Use of RHOC in the RChain Blockchain.***

    a.  The purpose of the RHOC is to facilitate the provision,
        creation, execution, and maintenance of scalable decentralized
        applications (the “**Services**”) within the RChain blockchain
        network of RChain node computers (the “**RChain Blockchain**”).
        Additional information regarding the RChain Blockchain, the
        Services, and the Company is summarized in *Exhibit A* and
        further described in the Whitepaper available at www.rchain.coop
        the “**Whitepaper**”).

    b.  While we are developing certain applications and software for
        use in the RChain Blockchain, we do not operate or control the
        RChain Blockchain. We are not responsible or liable for the
        activity of other users of the RChain Blockchain or any
        third-party uses of the RChain Blockchain.

    c.  By purchasing RHOC tokens in this Sale, **you promise that you
        will participate in pre-release operations and/or testing of the
        RChain Blockchain**, including but not limited to node
        operation, software development, and/or testing of code and its
        execution in practical conditions, or other kinds of tasks as
        may arise from time to time.

    d.  Purchase, ownership, receipt, or possession of RHOC carries no
        rights, express or implied, other than the right to use RHOC as
        a means to enable usage of and interaction with Services enabled
        by the RChain Blockchain, if successfully completed and
        deployed. In particular, you understand and accept that RHOC do
        not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, share,
        security, or equivalent rights, or any right to receive future
        revenue shares, intellectual property rights or any other form
        of participation in or relating to the RChain Blockchain and/or
        Company and its corporate affiliates, other than any rights
        relating to the provision and receipt of Services in the RChain
        Blockchain, subject to these Terms. **The RHOC tokens are not
        intended to be a digital currency, security, commodity, or any
        kind of financial instrument**.

5.  ***Migration and Conversion of RHOC***.

    a.  The RHOC are an ERC-20 token on the Ethereum protocol. We
        reserve the right to migrate the ERC-20 based RHOC (the
        “**Pre-launch RHOC**”) to Company’s RChain Blockchain once the
        blockchain is live at some time in the future, should we
        determine, in our sole discretion, that doing so is necessary or
        useful to the operation of the RChain Blockchain. During this
        conversion you will have the opportunity to convert RHOC to
        RChain Blockchain tokens at the rate of exactly 1:1.

    b.  When we decide to migrate the RHOC, we may no longer provide
        support for the Pre-launch RHOC. The Company anticipates that it
        will require Pre-launch RHOC holders to convert their Pre-launch
        RHOC to REV. The Company anticipates there will be significant
        incentives for Pre-launch RHOC owners to do so, since the
        practical utility of Pre-existing RHOC will likely diminish
        rapidly once the REV are in use on the RChain Blockchain itself.
        Accordingly, by accepting these Terms you acknowledge and agree
        that in order for you to continue to participate in the RChain
        Blockchain or obtain utility from the Pre-launch RHOC tokens you
        will convert the Pre-launch RHOC you purchase during the Sale to
        REV tokens in the future. You acknowledge and understand that
        RHOCs are expected to have no useful function or purpose after
        the conversion to REV tokens is executed.

    c.  When we decide to migrate the Pre-launch RHOC, we will notify
        you via the email address you provided to us at the time of the
        Sale. You are solely responsible for updating us should your
        contact information change. You are responsible for converting
        your RHOC tokens to REV tokens when the conversion becomes
        available.

6.  ***Scope of Terms. ***

    a.  Unless otherwise stated herein, these Terms only govern your
        purchase of RHOC from Company during the Sale.

    b.  Any use of RHOC in connection with providing or receiving
        Services in the RChain Blockchain may be governed by other
        applicable terms and conditions and policies.

7.  ***Cancellation; Refusal of Purchase Requests***. All purchases of
    RHOC from us during the Sale are final, and there are no refunds or
    cancellations except as set forth herein or as may be required by
    applicable law or regulation. We reserve the right to refuse or
    cancel Token purchase requests at any time in our sole discretion.

8.  ***RHOC Creation and Allocation***. Important information about the
    Company’s creation and intended use of the RHOC is provided in
    *Exhibit B*. By purchasing RHOC, you acknowledge that you have read,
    understand, and have no objection to *Exhibit B.*

9.  ***Acknowledgment and Assumption of Risks.*** You acknowledge and
    agree that there are risks associated with purchasing, owning, and
    using RHOC for the provision or receipt of Services in the RChain
    Blockchain, as disclosed and explained in *Exhibit C.* BY PURCHASING
    RHOC, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND ASSUME THESE RISKS.

10. ***Security.*** You are responsible for implementing reasonable
    measures for securing the wallet, vault, or other storage mechanism
    you use to receive and hold RHOC purchased from us, including any
    requisite private key(s) or other credentials necessary to access
    such storage mechanism(s). If your private key(s) or other access
    credentials are lost, you may lose access to your RHOC. We are not
    responsible for any losses, costs, or expenses relating to lost
    access credentials.

11. ***Personal Information.*** We may determine, in our sole
    discretion, that it is necessary to obtain certain information about
    you in order to comply with applicable laws or regulations in
    connection with selling RHOC to you. You agree to provide us such
    information promptly upon request and acknowledge that we may refuse
    to sell RHOC to you until you provide such requested information and
    we have determined that it is permissible to sell you RHOC under
    applicable laws or regulations.

12. ***Taxes***. Any amounts that you pay for RHOC are exclusive of all
    applicable taxes. You are responsible for determining what, if any,
    taxes apply to your purchase of RHOC, including, for example, sales,
    use, value added, and similar taxes. It is also your responsibility
    to withhold, collect, report and remit the correct taxes to the
    appropriate tax authorities. We are not responsible for withholding,
    collecting, reporting, or remitting any sales, use, value added, or
    similar tax arising from your purchase of RHOC.

13. ***Representations and Warranties***. By sending ETH or BTC to
    purchase RHOC from us, you represent and warrant that:

    a.  You have read and understand these Terms (including all
        Exhibits);

    b.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THERE ARE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH
        PURCHASING RHOC, OWNING RHOC, AND USING RHOC FOR THE PROVISION
        OR RECEIPT OF SERVICES IN THE RCHAIN BLOCKCHAIN INCLUDING (BUT
        NOT NECESSARILY LIMITED TO) THE RISKS DESCRIBED IN *EXHIBIT C*;

    c.  You have sufficient understanding of technical and business
        matters (including those that relate to the Services and RChain
        Blockchain), cryptographic tokens, token transactions, token
        storage mechanisms (such as token wallets), and blockchain
        technology to understand these Terms and to appreciate the risks
        and implications of purchasing RHOC, including but not limited
        to (i) the irreversibility of transactions; (ii) that in the
        event you improperly send tokens to the incorrect address it may
        result in loss of the tokens; (iii) that you must keep your
        private key(s) secret, because anyone who you share your private
        key with will be able to send tokens from that address;

    d.  You understand the restrictions and risks associated with the
        creation of RHOC as set forth herein, and acknowledge and assume
        all such risks;

    e.  You have obtained sufficient information about the RHOC, the
        Services and the RChain Blockchain to make an informed decision
        to purchase RHOC. and participate in the development of RChain
        before its launch. You understand that by participating in this
        token sale the tokens to be received are ERC-20 tokens which
        will in the future be converted to RChain Blockchain tokens;

    f.  You understand that the RHOC confer only the right to provide
        and receive Services in the RChain Blockchain and to contribute
        to the technical development of the RChain Blockchain), and
        confer no other rights of any form with respect to the RChain
        Blockchain or the Company, including, but not limited to, any
        ownership, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary
        (including all forms of intellectual property), or other
        financial or legal rights;

    g.  You are purchasing RHOC solely for the purpose of receiving
        Services, participating in the RChain Blockchain, and supporting
        the development, testing, deployment and operation of the RChain
        Blockchain, being aware of the commercial risks associated with
        the Company and the RChain Blockchain. You are not purchasing
        RHOC for any other purposes, including, but not limited to, any
        investment, speculative or financial purpose;

    h.  Your purchase of RHOC complies with applicable laws and
        regulations in your jurisdiction, including, but not limited
        to, (i) legal capacity and any other threshold requirements in
        your jurisdiction for the purchase of the RHOC and entering into
        contracts with the Company, (ii) any foreign exchange or
        regulatory restrictions applicable to such purchase, and (iii)
        any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained;

    i.  You will comply with any applicable tax obligations in your
        jurisdiction arising from your purchase of RHOC;

    j.  If you are purchasing RHOC on behalf of any entity, you are
        authorized to accept these Terms on such entity’s behalf and
        that such entity will be responsible for breach of these Terms
        by you or any other employee or agent of such entity (references
        to “you” in these Terms refer to you and such entity, jointly);

    k.  You are not (i) a citizen or resident of a geographic area in
        which access to or use of the Services or the acceptance of
        delivery of the RHOC is prohibited by applicable law, 6 decree,
        regulation, treaty, or administrative act, (ii) a citizen or
        resident of, or located in, a geographic area that is subject to
        U.S. or other sovereign country sanctions or embargoes, or (iii)
        an individual, or an individual employed by or associated with
        an entity, identified on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s
        Denied Persons or Entity List, the U.S. Department of Treasury’s
        Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons Lists, or the
        U.S. Department of State’s Debarred Parties List. You agree that
        if your country of residence or other circumstances change such
        that the above representations are no longer accurate, that you
        will immediately cease using the Services. If you are
        registering to use the Services on behalf of a legal entity, you
        further represent and warrant that (i) such legal entity is duly
        organized and validly existing under the applicable laws of the
        jurisdiction of its organization, and (ii) you are duly
        authorized by such legal entity to act on its behalf.

14. ***Indemnification***.

    a.  \(a) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will
        indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and our respective past,
        present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors,
        consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers,
        parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives,
        predecessors, successors and assigns (the “**Company Parties**”) from
        and against all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs and
        expenses (including attorneys’ fees) that arise from or relate to (i)
        your purchase or use of the Tokens, (ii) your responsibilities or
        obligations under these Terms, (iii) your violation of these Terms,
        or (iv) your violation of any rights of any other person or entity.

    b.  \(b) Company reserves the right to exercise sole control over the
        defense, at your expense, of any claim subject to indemnification under
        Section 14(a). This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any
        other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between you and the
        Company.

15. ***Disclaimers.***

    a.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND EXCEPT AS
        OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN A WRITING BY US, (A) THE RHOC ARE SOLD ON
        AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY
        KIND, AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AS TO THE
        RHOC, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
        MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND
        NONINFRINGEMENT, (B) WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE
        RHOC ARE RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE, MEET YOUR
        REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE RHOC WILL BE CORRECTED,
        AND (C) WE CANNOT AND DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE RHOC
        OR THE DELIVERY MECHANISM FOR RHOC ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER
        HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

    b.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain
        warranties or disclaimer of implied terms in contracts with
        consumers, so some or all of the exclusions of warranties and
        disclaimers in this Section 15 may not apply to you.

16. ***Limitation of Liability***.

    a.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW (I) IN NO
        EVENT WILL THE COMPANY OR ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES BE LIABLE
        FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR
        EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
        WHERE RELATED TO LOSS OF REVENUE, INCOME OR PROFITS, LOSS OF USE
        OR DATA, OR DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF OR
        IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE SALE OR USE OF THE TOKENS OR OTHERWISE
        RELATED TO THESE TERMS, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION,
        WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
        SIMPLE NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), OR ANY
        OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN
        ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF
        WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE), AND (II) IN NO EVENT
        WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY AND THE COMPANY
        PARTIES (JOINTLY), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT
        (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), OR
        OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE
        USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE TOKENS, EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAY
        TO US FOR THE TOKENS.

    b.  THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 16(a) WILL NOT LIMIT OR
        EXCLUDE LIABILITY FOR THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD OR
        INTENTIONAL, WILLFUL OR RECKLESS MISCONDUCT OF THE COMPANY.

    c.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of
        liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly,
        some of the limitations of this Section 16 may not apply to you.

17. ***Release***. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
    you release the Company and the other Company Parties from
    responsibility, liability, claims, demands and/or damages (actual
    and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown
    (including, but not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out
    of or related to disputes between participants in the RChain
    Blockchain and the acts or omissions of any third parties. \[You
    expressly waive any rights you may have under California Civil Code
    § 1542 as well as any other statute or common law principles that
    would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only
    those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at
    the time of agreeing to this release.\]

18. ***Dispute***.

    a.  ***Binding Arbitration***. Except for any disputes, claims,
        suits, actions, causes of action, demands or proceedings
        (collectively, “Disputes”) in which either Party seeks to bring
        an individual action in small claims court or seeks injunctive
        or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of
        intellectual property, including, without limitation,
        copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or
        patents, you and the Company (i) waive your and the Company’s
        respective rights to have any and all Disputes arising from or
        related to these Terms resolved in a court, and (ii) waive your
        and the Company’s respective rights to a jury trial. Instead,
        you and the Company will arbitrate Disputes through binding
        arbitration (which is the referral of a Dispute to one or more
        persons charged with reviewing the Dispute and making a final
        and binding determination to resolve it instead of having the
        Dispute decided by a judge or jury in court).

    b.  ***No Class Arbitrations, Class Actions or Representative
        Actions***. Any Dispute arising out of or related to these Terms
        is personal to you and the Company and will be resolved solely
        through individual arbitration and will not be brought as a
        class arbitration, class action or any other type of
        representative proceeding. There will be no class arbitration or
        arbitration in which an individual attempts to resolve a Dispute
        as a representative of another individual or group of
        individuals. Further, a Dispute cannot be brought as a class or
        other type of representative action, whether within or outside
        of arbitration, or on behalf of any other individual or group of
        individuals.

    c.  ***Federal Arbitration Act***. The enforceability of this
        Section 18 will be both substantively and procedurally governed
        by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Federal
        Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq. (the “FAA”), to the
        maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

    d.  ***Notice; Informal Dispute Resolution***. Each Party will
        notify the other Party in writing of any arbitrable or small
        claims Dispute within thirty (30) days of the date it arises, so
        that the Parties can attempt in good faith to resolve the
        Dispute informally. Notice to the Company shall be sent by
        e-mail to the Company at legal@civic.com. Notice to you shall be
        by email to the email address you provide to us. Your notice
        must include (i) your name, postal address, email address and
        telephone number, (ii) a description in reasonable detail of the
        nature or basis of the Dispute, and (iii) the specific relief
        that you are seeking. If you and the Company cannot agree how to
        resolve the Dispute within thirty (30) days after the date
        notice is received by the applicable Party, then either you or
        the Company may, as appropriate and in accordance with this
        Section 18, commence an arbitration proceeding or, to the extent
        specifically provided for in Section 18(a), file a claim in
        court.

    e.  ***Process***. Any arbitration will occur in King County,
        Washington. Arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a
        single arbitrator in accordance with the rules of the Judicial
        Arbitration and Mediation Services (“JAMS”), which are hereby
        incorporated by reference. The state and federal courts located
        in King County, Washington will have exclusive jurisdiction over
        any appeals and the enforcement of an arbitration award. You may
        also litigate a Dispute in the small claims court located in the
        county where you reside if the Dispute meets the requirements to
        be heard in small claims court.

    f.  ***Authority of Arbitrator***. As limited by the FAA, these
        Terms, and the applicable JAMS rules, the arbitrator will
        have (i) the exclusive authority and jurisdiction to make all
        procedural and substantive decisions regarding a Dispute,
        including the determination of whether a Dispute is arbitrable,
        and (ii) the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise
        be available in court; provided, however, that the arbitrator
        does not have the authority 9 to conduct a class arbitration or
        a representative action, which is prohibited by these Terms. The
        arbitrator may only conduct an individual arbitration and may
        not consolidate more than one individual’s claims, preside over
        any type of class or representative proceeding or preside over
        any proceeding involving more than one individual.

    g.  ***Rules of JAMS***. The rules of JAMS and additional
        information about JAMS are available on the JAMS website. By
        agreeing to be bound by these Terms, you either (i) acknowledge
        and agree that you have read and understand the rules of JAMS,
        or (ii) waive your opportunity to read the rules of JAMS and any
        claim that the rules of JAMS are unfair or should not apply for
        any reason.

19. ***Governing Law and Venue***. These Terms will be governed by and
    construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of
    Washington, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles
    (whether of the state of Washington or any other jurisdiction) that
    would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
    Any Dispute between the Parties arising out or relating to these
    Terms that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small
    claims court will be resolved in the state or federal courts of the
    state of Washington and the United States, respectively, sitting in
    King County, Washington.

20. ***Severability***. If any term, clause or provision of these Terms
    is held unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that term, clause or
    provision will be severable from these Terms and will not affect the
    validity or enforceability of any remaining part of that term,
    clause or provision, or any other term, clause or provision of these
    Terms.

21. ***Miscellaneous***. These Terms constitute the entire agreement
    between you and us relating to your purchase of Tokens from us. We
    may assign our rights and obligations under these Terms. Our failure
    to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will
    not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. We will not be
    liable for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under
    these Terms where the delay or failure results from any cause beyond
    our reasonable control. Purchasing Tokens from us does not create
    any form of partnership, joint venture, or any other similar
    relationship between you and us. Except as otherwise provided in
    herein, these Terms are intended solely for the benefit of you and
    us and are not intended to confer third-party beneficiary rights
    upon any other person or entity. You agree and acknowledge that all
    agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we
    provide to you, including these Terms, will be provided in
    electronic form.

    ***EXHIBIT A***

    **Description of Company, RChain Blockchain, and RHOC**

RChain Cooperative is a cooperative association located in the state of
Washington, founded by Lucius Gregory Meredith, Edward Eykholt, and Evan
Jensen, principally engaged in developing and supporting the RChain
Blockchain.

The RChain Blockchain is a next-generation blockchain technology that
will deliver Ethereum-like smart contracting capability together with an
unprecedented degree of scalability and capacity. To obtain the use of
the resources of the RChain Blockchain, users will need to use tokens to
purchase network resources such as computation, disk storage, bandwidth,
validation, etc. Programs written using the language Rholang will be
executable by paying tokens to the program. Consumers will pay tokens to
execute a useful service upon their demand, and the program will
distribute the customer’s payment for that service among the developers
who created it, as well as to cover all fees from the network, such as
for system resources used, generally being paid to the node computers
which supply the network resources those programs consume, and to other
programs used as well.

The REV token native to the RChain Blockchain will be necessary to
execute programs on the RChain Blockchain. The RHOC token will be
exchanged for the REV token at exactly a 1:1 ratio, when all RHOC tokens
are converted into REV tokens, a conversion which will approximately
coincide with the official release version of the RChain Blockchain.

Until the official release version of the RChain Blockchain, RHOCs will
be used to assist the development of the network. As a purchaser of RHOC
tokens, you are expressly interested in participating in a pre-release
of the RChain Blockchain, including but not limited to node operation,
software development, and/or testing of code and its execution in
practical conditions, or contributing in other ways to the development
and launch of RChain. You acknowledge that all RChain testing activity
is experimental in nature and that node functionality; smart contract
code, etc. may not perform correctly as intended, as this period is
expressly intended for activ development and testing to identify
problems.

The Company intends to develop and to assist others in developing a wide
variety of useful services and programs which will run on the RChain
Blockchain. Node operators are essential to supply system resources in
order for the RChain Blockchain to function. And, individuals or
businesses who are interested in developing services or programs
building upon RChain, or in contributing to open source community
software development, are invited to purchase RHOC tokens in this Sale
so they may test and execute programs on the RChain Blockchain.

**\
**

***EXHIBIT B***

**Creation and Allocation of Tokens by Company**

The RHOC token is an Ethereum ERC20 token that will be converted at
exactly 1:1 for the REV token on the RChain Blockchain, approximately
coinciding with the official release of the RChain Blockchain, or a
reasonable period in advance of the release date.

At present RHOC tokens are generally not widely available, and until the
RChain Blockchain is closer to a release date its tokens are as of this
time not planned to be widely available. Approximately coinciding with
the official release of the RChain Blockchain the RChain Blockchain’s
REV token will be made widely available for purchase. REV tokens will be
widely available for the general public to purchase so consumers and
businesses may obtain services from the RChain Blockchain.

Initially, 1,000,000,000 RHOCs were created. On June 17, 2017, the
amount of 129,336,426 RHOC tokens were burned, or permanently removed
from circulation. No additional RHOCs will be created for any reason.
There are no plans at this time to burn any additional RHOCs before the
conversion to REV tokens on the RChain Blockchain.

At present RChain Cooperative is by far the largest holder of RHOC
tokens, with 86.2%. RChain Holdings holds 12.1%. All other holders
together total 1.7% as of July 2017.

RChain Cooperative’s governance of the token is ultimately controlled by
voting of the members of the Cooperative, and the voting body of members
has broad powers to control and to make changes to the RChain Blockchain
protocol and tokens.

**\
**

***EXHIBIT C***

**Certain Risks Relating to Purchase, Sale, and Use of RHOC**

BY PURCHASING AND USING TOKENS YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT
THERE ARE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH PURCHASING AND USING TOKENS AND ASSUME
THOSE RISKS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE FOLLOWING RISKS:

a)  You acknowledge that you are aware of the risks of the loss of your
    private key(s), such as by your forgetting where your private keys
    are stored, accidental deletion, or other error, which will cause
    the loss of your tokens.

b)  You acknowledge that hackers or other malicious groups may attempt
    to interfere either with the Company or with you, in an attempt to
    obtain tokens, such as by obtaining your private key from your
    computer, by deceiving you into telling them your private key, or by
    some other method. Hackers may also attack the RChain Blockchain
    itself, such as by denial of service attacks, consensus attacks, or
    other hacks, creating a risk of harm arising from cyber attacks on
    the network. RChain is not responsible for lost or stolen private
    keys, or for private keys you give to hackers, whether by cyber
    attack, deception, or some other means.

c)  You acknowledge that the tokens may have no secondary market value,
    or may be extremely illiquid, as their principal purpose is to be
    used to obtain computation or other network resources from the
    RChain Blockchain. Even if secondary trading of tokens is
    facilitated by third-party exchanges, such value may be extremely
    volatile or near-zero. In the event the token’s value decreases,
    there is no public insurer or private insurance arranged by the
    Company, to offer recourse to you.

d)  As a consequence of this early stage of development, errors or
    unexpected behavior in smart contracts or due to other unexpected
    bugs or problems, may cause unexpected behavior, including but not
    limited to loss of tokens, or the consumption of a greater quantity
    of tokens than estimated to perform a particular task.

e)  You acknowledge that, if you intend to operate a node on the RChain
    Blockchain, that you may incur costs including but not limited to
    purchasing or setting up computers and software, and that your fees
    collected may be small, or nonexistent. You set up your node at your
    own risk, and the Company is not responsible in the event your node
    does not collect fees, or for any costs you incur in configuring or
    operating your node, in any respect.

f)  You acknowledge that, if you intend to contribute any code or
    software development work, that any code you write or execute may
    not function correctly. And that the Company is not responsible for
    any harm that may result from your code or software functioning
    improperly, as errors are to be expected so they may be identified
    and corrected. RChain is not responsible for any business losses or
    loss of revenue resulting from either excessive or incorrect use of
    the network.

g)  You acknowledge that you are responsible for your actions using the
    network, including any transactions, code, or other contributions or
    commands given to the network. And you acknowledge that the Company
    is not responsible for the actions of others using the network,
    which could result in harm to you or others.

h)  You acknowledge that tokens confer no governance rights of any kind,
    and that decisions involving the Company’s products or services will
    be made by the Company at its sole discretion. The membership and/or
    the directors of the Company may make decisions which affect the
    RChain Blockchain and its associated tokens. These decisions may
    adversely affect the utility of any tokens you own.

i)  You acknowledge that the regulatory status of cryptographic tokens
    is an area of great uncertainty, and that tokens may face
    significant regulatory change in the future. It is difficult to
    predict how or whether legislatures or regulatory agencies around
    the world will treat blockchains and tokens. It is possible
    regulatory actions will negatively impact the RChain Blockchain and
    its tokens in a number of different ways, including but not limited
    to potentially being prohibited or requiring registration or
    licensing. The Company may cease operations in areas where
    regulatory or legislative changes make it unviable or commercially
    undesirable to continue to operate in that jurisdiction.

j)  You acknowledge that tokens face uncertain tax treatment. You must
    seek your own tax advice concerning tokens, and purchase or use of
    tokens may result in adverse tax consequences.

k)  You acknowledge that the Company may, due to any number of reasons
    in the future, including but not limited to poor demand for its
    services, failure of commercial relationships, intellectual property
    challenges, etc., the Company may no longer be viable to operate and
    may dissolve.

l)  You acknowledge that cryptographic tokens are a new and untested
    technology, and that there may be additional risks associated with
    your purchase and usage of the tokens, potentially including
    unanticipated risks.
